[DOCS] Jira ticket creation (#11830)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/cloud/expectations/manage_expectations.md

## View Expectation history

**Expectation history** provides all workspace members with an audit trail of who took the following actions and when:

- added or edited the Expectation

> - linked or unlinked Jira work items and a failure of the Expectation for incident management

Author: ```suggestion
- linked or unlinked Jira work items to or from a failure of the Expectation for incident management
```
